the troop san juan de lurigancho 28 de
March 2014
it's time to take what we
corresponds in the north tribune for
tradition and because we can Sunday
monumental one fist already know
this message placed two days before in
the facebook of the college bar
called the troop of san juan de
lurigancho and that today takes as a photo
profile to the murdered fan there will be
huamán lazo already gave notice of what
could happen the message is clear they
They mention that it 's time to take what
their share of the north stand by
tradition and because they can even hours
before the game they mention that the
day to show the reason for this
big bloated the question arises
quickly that was how much
disputed many have accused that the
quarrel between the same barristas of
university was given by the entries
who gives them the club which would have
preferences for the group the den
cupcake according to a very close source
to the deceased why is this happening
I attribute it to the mishandling of
of the delivery of tickets sr
we do not give tickets and there's
to specify
it is true that among the entries there is no
you can check but it's true you could
be proceeded criminally there is no prosecutor
I could denounce them even in one of
Facebook comments mention
the last name vidal as one of those who
would have originated this fight the law is
clear the security protocol indicates
that the registered barristas of
grant soles tickets with prices
differentiated and complying with the norm
that's what the club obviously does
now after this these this incites
incident table of all bakr
enough in this social network you can
observe the different samples of
regret for the death of little horse as
they knew the 19-year-old fan who
ended his days in a fight without
meaning this is a clear sample that
bryant huamán tie was an active fan
of this view bar that is confirmed
with the different photographs that you have
on your personal facebook where it appears
posing next to the banderole of his group
and in different meetings what
worries is what can come in
this page there are already comments from
revenge warning that this is not
will remain so the authorities
they are warned